The long grass
Peppa and George
are playing in the garden.
Oh!
The grass has not
been cut fora while.
It's grown very long.
Come on, George.
George, where are you?
I can't see you.
George, I am coming to get you.
Peppa and George
can not see each other.
Haha.
Peppa and George love playing
in the long grass.
Daddy pig is going to
read his newspaper.
What a nice day fordoing nothing.
Daddy pig loves doing nothing.
Goodness me, daddy pig,
we've let the garden
get a bit out of our control.
What do you mean, mummy pig?
The grass, it needs cutting.
Ho, I quite like it,
it the wild garden look.
Mummy, daddy,
come and play in the long grass,
it's fun.
Okay,
let's all play with this spotty ball.
Oh, where's it gone?
The ball is lost in the long grass.
Now I'll never find it.
Maybe it's time to cut the grass.
Yes, daddy pig.
I. II get the lawn mower.
I am sure it's here somewhere.
Here it is.
Daddy pig has found the lawn mower.
It's a bit old and rusty.
Nonsense.
It. II have grass cut in no time.
It does a bit rusty.
Maybe i should phone grandpa pig and
ask if he could borrow us his lawn mower.
This's no need to phone grandpa.
I just need to push it a bit harder.
Daddy pig's lawn mower is not very good.
Oh, I know,
let's phone grandpa.
Hello, grandpa pig speaking.
Hello, grandpa pig,
could you help us cut
some very long grass?
Oh, certainly,
I'll be over right away.
Bye.
I think this is a job for Betsy.
Grandpa pig is driving his motor
mower over to peppa's house.
Grandpa pig! Papa lg!
Hello, everyone.
I hear there's some grass
that needs cutting.
And it's just a bit too long
for my lawn mower.
Don't worry,
Betsy will have it done in no time.
Is your lawn mower called Betsy?
She certainly is.
Hello, Betsy.
Grandpa, can we ride on Betsy?
Of course you can.
Hop aboard.
Aye-aye. Captain grandpa.
We'll have this grass cut in no time.
Hold tight, here we go.
Wee...
Betsy is very good at cutting grass.
This is fun.
There, finished.
Grandpa, you've missed a bit.
Oh, yes.
What's this?
Oh, The spotty ball.
Thank you forfinding our ball, grandpa.
And thank you for cutting the grass.
Cutting grass is easy for Betsy.
Now we can play with our spotty ball.
To you, daddy.
The ball bounce very well
on the short grass.
To you, George.
Baba lg.
Oh, oh, Catch!